welcome to spiraling with valina the
exclusive one episode series brought to
you by my bed lots of stress eating and
my roommate hello welcome to the serious
and exclusive only available on YouTube
Selina and I'm back we're never
Cambridge vlog and it is Thursday
morning it's almost the end of term we
have exactly one week to go we are
motivated as you can see you so now I'm
making her breakfast and I'm introducing
season 2 my world because t jen has
introduced me to some cooking so now I
am introducing her to Elena's version of
making food which is basically mac
noodles so that's gonna be our breakfast
we're gonna see if CJ will actually eat
it because I'm not so sure about that
um Wow like you're used to actually like
stuffing yeah but I also eat a lot of
instant stuff I'm Elena
yeah but there's instant noodles and
then there's like a different low so
yeah we're gonna see how this goes
um but basically I'm in charge of
breakfast and this is what happens when
you put me in charge of food you get
back noodles so yeah that's the plan for
now I need to lay down okay guys so we
have been 4 to 5 minutes that you need
to wait for your mock noodles and we are
ready so guys my breakfast has been
approved by si Jin it hasn't exactly
been welcomed with you know compliments
but it is accepted that is more than I
thought it would be
so I'm happy so now let me eat my
wonderful mock noodles and then we have
work to do don't we always so it is we
get it is a it's 8:10 so I was we have a
lecture at 10 1 lecture today because
our other one is cancelled because of
the strike so it's from at 10:00 I need
to plan my essay but I also have not
done it and Elena was going to go to the
faculty and look we have one regular and
I'm not emotionally ready for out now is
back in so anyway so here's the thing
I'm gonna nap yeah I like even the
morning then later today I'm there right
- if these but I've done all my readings
that I need to do so yeah basically I'm
kind of a head of my work also kind of
not because I need to write these essays
but like oh my really knows about legs
good also I need a nap yes I too have
two essays to write I don't want to
write them no I'm gonna plan them cuz I
I worried I have stuff to do football
many hours later oh the angle is great
no you're letting from me yeah there is
no way but up yeah so we're on our way
to faculty yeah I took a nap oh good one
of them month hours that map changed
live change my outlook at everything
like this was one of the best naps ever
I have no regrets let's put it like - it
it yeah exactly
because honestly like I didn't have to
do work this morning yeah so I didn't so
yeah but that means for the rest of the
day I actually do have to do work power
yeah - actually six hours sound solid
yeah if you have us the goal for
finishing our work yeah I mean let's go
for dinner
you can call McDonald's yes yes I can
reward myself oh yeah so you see yes
there is McDonald's which is my cure for
everything and then there's five guys
which is an even better version of my
cure for everything oh if we both fell
asleep I said let me go for five guys if
you don't finish my seven McDonald's see
that's how we motivate ourselves to do
work food ok so now we're going for one
lecture today because the everyone is
cancelled because people are striking so
here in Cambridge some academics are
striking currently because of the pay
gap in terms of gender and then also
because of their pensions and I respect
their right to strike but I am going
from a lecture and unfortunately we have
to cross a picket line I think like
they'll be called a little people right
now because it's like 10 ish yeah 10 so
like this one picket lines that getting
quite up Paul yeah but we're going
anyway because um I'm really sorry but I
really need these lectures because I
really rely on lectures to understand
the content in my reach
you know yeah I need it hey but after
you respect your right to strike and I
understand why so yeah but now we're
after one lecture and then hopefully
we're gonna actually write out
[Music]
and I'm back in the room so I have to do
a lot of work am i motivated like at all
like just 1% of motivation to write my
land law problem question absolutely not
so here's the thing I have to write it
but I have to write it by Sunday it is
now Thursday so I've decided to
procrastinate by doing other work
because that is you know the type of
procrastination I can afford to do so
instead of writing my land of a problem
question first which would be the
responsible thing to do
I will be writing my contract law essay
first which is due next week Friday soon
after land but I'm so much more
motivated to write that essay so I'm
writing that essay first and then I'm
gonna do my land law problem question
I'm really hoping it's not going to blow
up in my face and turn out to be a big
mistake um but first I need food because
I'm hungry so I'm gonna make myself some
food and yes you heard that right I'm
gonna make myself some food and it's not
my noodles I'm actually gonna make
myself a wrap or at least I hope I'm
gonna make myself a wrap I hope it's
gonna work out um so yeah otherwise I'm
just gonna run to McDonald's but I I
hope this is gonna work out so yeah I
mean I saw some food and then we're
gonna work
[Music]
there it is
are you proud of me mom so proud you've
grown up thank you mom
so um I made myself a wrap I don't know
if it's edible but we'll find out
okay this angle is not great but we're
gonna deal with it because I just want
to try my wrap and like share if it's
good or if it's horrible it's already
falling apart this is not off to a great
start
okay I'm gonna try it like this this is
edible guys like I don't think this is
gonna give you food poisoning and I
think like it tastes good I'm proud also
the sauce is really good I had no idea
what the sauce was like I randomly
bought it because she didn't inspired me
she was like us to make wraps sometime
and I was like hey I need sauce um and
it sounded decent but yeah it tastes
decent so so yeah I I think this is fine
um it's not amazing but it's not
terrible I think it's totally fine okay
so I did have lunch and now it's time to
actually get to work so I got all my
notes here and basically I need to turn
them into an essay luckily in the
supervision so just check my supervision
notes and it turns out that my teacher
actually gave me a structure to use so I
just have to fill the structure with you
know information substance so yeah
that's the plan I'm gonna write an
outline and I'm gonna write this it is
12 sets you know and I hope that I can
finish this by 3 p.m. so I think it's
gonna take me a half an hour to write
this outline and then I hope like in two
hours that can write this I'm heading
writing it which is why it's taking me a
lot longer to write it but I hope it's
warf handwriting everything because it
prepares me for the exam
[Music]
[Applause]
remember when I was like I can finish
this by free p.m. and I'll be fine
I was stupid ignorant I lived in
blissful ignorance but now I realize
that I can't because it is free p.m. and
guess what I have two pages three pages
and that is it I need about six we're
doing great really great I'm on my
second point I have four um okay you
mean you may be like what you wrote free
pages all about yes basically the wait
works thing I have one point but then I
have like you know 1.1 1.2 and stuff um
I have weird structuring habits foot
yeah so I have like four actual points
but then I have like minor points within
them but yeah so basically I'm halfway
through and we're at the time where I
was supposed to be finished
great I still have to write land that is
why I'm worried about this I told you I
don't want this to blow up in my face I
did this first and I think it is blowing
up in my face right now but I'm too far
in to stop because I've already started
and if I stop now
like I'm just you know gonna forget what
I was gonna write I mean I have it
outlined but still like you know now
it's all in my brain I revised all of my
notes for contract and there is no point
in stopping now it's too late to go back
but I know the path I want is not good
so yeah life is great
I think I'm gonna make myself some more
tea because I needed and I just finished
my tea and I think I need more tea to
get through this
so yeah let's make some tea and then
hopefully you finished it so here's the
new goal finish this by 4 p.m. then
third land and then we see how far we
get with land so remember when I was
stupid and had faith in my time
management and I just thought I can
finish this by 4 I'm an idiot okay I'm
an idiot so it is 4:43 oh my god my
phone is way too bright
well you're just gonna have to take my
word alright that is fortune it is won't
worry my witness um evidence tape so I
finished my essay um this was supposed
to be six pages guess what it's eight
well we're going to little bit you're a
bowl yeah technically there is no actual
like page limit for handwritten essays
by the supervisor um and my my my
handwriting is very big and I left like
lines because I overly structured this
because I normally don't use headings
but this year I'm really on top of my
headings so um yeah III guess it was
justifiable in a way I don't know and
drink bad eight page is only half a page
when like I'm just done supplying why I
wonder would it work well don't try yeah
so um have we done anything for land no
are we gonna reward ourselves with
dinner anyway yes of course you are
because that's the kind of people we are
so here's the plan now I'm gonna put
this into a file never look at it again
until it gets returned to me and I can
cry about it
um but until then I will not look at it
again I will Henderson at the porters
Lodge and then we will go and we have
made the plan that we're gonna get
chicken McNuggets from McDonald's and
then we're gonna go and reward ourselves
with an absolutely undeserved milk shake
and fries from Five Guys absolutely
that's the plan guys something is moving
on food okay so we're back and we have
food also I hadn't in my essay so that
is done I seven arrested to write I
haven't done anything for this I mean I
take over the question a bit before but
not really but that is not the point
we have food here we go I am hungry same
so we have milkshakes see Jen try it a
gingerbread milkshake it's really good
and then we have lovely fries from Five
Guys and chicken McNuggets McDonald's
yeah you know when we're stressed our
furnitures be some food yeah but
basically when we're stressed we just
stress eat with no regrets so that's
we're gonna do I need to lay down
hi we're in a food coma yeah oh yes so
guys um see Jen is on the committee for
the Lord Bowl I don't know how I told
you just no I don't think so so and all
my friends have now termed me people's
favorite political yes yeah some
people's favourite escape artist because
I'm doing my best to escape the party
here are the things which I've already
done okay because so I bought a ticket
because I mean my friend is on the
committee
and she Loki forced me to buy this
ticket yeah but I feel like I would have
a claim for undue influence or dress but
putting that aside yeah your art of
things that I have already done I have
tried to bribe someone to give see Jen
testimony that I was there even though I
wasn't so I can just sleep one of my
friends told her dad so that plan didn't
work out I have begged all my friends
not to come and pick me up for the coach
I've tried the puppy-dog eyes I have
offered to buy him food so far I haven't
had someone who is broken but I just
need one weak part of the chain they all
been warmed so what they've always want
to drag you to the bowl so it's not all
my side you're all mine a roll we're
gonna see but yeah I still have two days
to make a good escape plan um but I'm
starting to run out of options
you'll have fun I swear you know guys I
mean I don't usually go to parties so um
she's gonna blog it yeah I'm gonna vlog
my misery and then when I get on my
escape Luther I'm gonna like partying
uber oh yeah but now I'm in a food coma
it's not good um I need to get off my
bed and work but I've already decided um
so it is 628 now just take my word for
it I'm sorry but my phone is so bright
but basically um my plan now is I'm
gonna work until about 7:45 I'm gonna
get ready for bed I'm gonna go to bed at
8:00 and yeah I'm just gonna finish my
work tomorrow morning at 4:00 a.m.
because that's what I do
come on I have a lot of work I just wake
up at 4:00 a.m. and I finished them
because I'm so much more productive in
the morning I'm so my plan now is to
just really plan
it and that's pretty much what I'm
aiming for and yeah then we will
hopefully finish this tomorrow morning
so yeah I don't want to bore you guys
with too many time lapses so I'll end
this here but I promise we will get off
the couch at the bed and we will be
productive because we really really need
to be good morning guys is like 7:20 I'm
in the pod and I asked my friend to come
and take a morning walk with me let's go
heater I'm just so cold like it looks so
nice the lighting but this is a lie it
is 1 degree Celsius
I'm dying so we're leaving I mean this
looks kind of cool but basically I'm
freezing because I was not prepared for
this so we go back to my room we're
gonna drink some tea and then I'm gonna
go back to land I did Justin work for
land so we're not doing terrible but I
need to finish it like I have a lecture
at 11:00 so the aim is to finish it
before 11:00 let's do it okay guys so
I'm back in my room I have some tea so
basically I now have a normal body
temperature again and now I'm going back
out because I need to go to the faculty
and actually do my work we're not doing
that with land but we're not doing great
but the plan is I'm gonna fish this by
11:00 then I wanna lectures I'm gonna
get lunch hopefully start my readings
with jurisprudence I do not know if that
is realistic or not and then I'm gonna
go for Society meeting from the human
rights law society then I have a
supervision which got rescheduled and
then I also have to go and go for DBC
which is the digital verification corpse
of MST international so basically I have
a full day from now onwards until 8 p.m.
wish me luck yeah
[Music]
okay hello people um so the lecture that
I came to the faculty for got cancelled
so now we're on the way to the library
this is Dan I dragged him out into the
cold this morning but he did not want to
be filmed at that because that was an
emotional low for both of us
yeah it was a low for my body
temperature and I'm sorry for the light
gray yeah it's bad
so now we're getting pretty well because
that is where I go study and work and
there's a choice at the moment do but
the thing is the UL hit the Tea Room so
well that means this we can go and eat
there um so we're gonna do an hour of
work have lunch do more work and then
I'm gonna go for a meeting so that's the
plan
[Music]
okay people it is free p.m. no actually
free 50 um so I have 10 minutes to get
to my supervision which is next door so
I'm good and I much more productive than
I thought I would be Tuesday so I
finished my land essay it is done and I
actually think is quite decent um my
supervisor might disagree but I'm happy
about said I have done a lot more
jurisprudence readings then I thought I
would and yeah I went to where all the
stuff for my supervision so I am
prepared might still get crushed in that
super but I am prepared so yeah life is
actually good stressful but good um so
I'm gonna go to my soup oh now I'm gonna
grab some snacks from the kitchen
because I'm gonna run to DBC right after
that so just a verification course for
amnesty and then I'm gonna spend three
hours there verifying footage of
atrocities we're just tough but very
rewarding I have to say and now I have
to run for my super so I'll see you guys
the next day so good morning everybody I
did not fill an outro or last night
because I came home fell into my bed and
did not move and that's that so this is
what I look like about makeup um and wet
hair lovely so here's the thing today I
have to go to LA ball do I want to go to
LA ball No why do I have to go because
see Jen is on the committee and I have
to be a good friend and supporter I have
tried to fake an illness to yank not
have to go decision didn't really
believe it so I have to go so I'm gonna
get ready later in the day and then I'm
just gonna make myself presentable and
pretend that I want to be there for a
few hours and then I'm gonna get my
escape ooh boom and never think about it
again so that's the plan but yeah I have
to end this vlog I will be vlogging
global but I will put it in the next
vlog because I think it will be a long
vlog because I will complain a lot
probably and just you know try to sneak
out as quickly as possible but yeah time
to end this blog so I
just want to say yesterday was a really
stressful day and I feel like I didn't
get to vlog a lot but I do want to say
like I realized now that I quit coming
towards the end of term one that I
handle these like stressful days a lot
better than I used to last year like
last year I would have been so
emotionally overwhelmed because I was
just really not doing well but I kind of
I can see that that was not okay um I
like now you know I like I just slept in
today like literally on to 8 which is
like really really long for me I mean
you have to put it into perspective I
get up at 4 some days or at 5:00 on
normal days so sleeping up to 8 is like
a lot for me um but I've just kind of
like learned to like you know duties
like little things for self-care like
sleeping in sometimes and stuff like
that um so yeah just wanted to put it
out there self-care matters and yeah
that's the end of this vlog I'm gonna
see you in the next one it's gonna be a
lot of complaining bad I'm sure it's
gonna be fun it's gonna be a bit of get
ready with me it's gonna be a ball and
then it's gonna be an escape
uber and potentially midnight McDonald's
that's what's nice to come and I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog thank you so
much for watching have a nice day bye